DOCSP-28794 AWS Auth Mechanisms (#251)
mongodb/docs-golang: source/fundamentals/auth.txt

.. important::

   The MONGODB-AWS authentication mechanism is available only in MongoDB
   versions 4.4 and later.

The ``MONGODB-AWS`` authentication mechanism uses your Amazon Web Services
Identity and Access Management (AWS IAM) credentials to authenticate your
user.

To connect to a MongoDB instance with ``MONGODB-AWS`` authentication enbaled,
specify the ``MONGODB-AWS`` authentication mechanism.

The driver checks for you credentials in the following sources in order:

1. Connection string
#. Environment variables
#. Web identity token file

> #. AWS ECS endpoint specified in ``AWS_CONTAINER_CREDENTIALS_RELATIVE_URI``

Reviewer: Q: what is `AWS_CONTAINER_CREDENTIALS_RELATIVE_URI`? An option, a property, an object,...?

Author: It's an environment variable - I added that to the bullet

#. AWS EC2 endpoint. For more information, see `IAM Roles for Tasks
   <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/task-iam-roles.html>`_.

.. important::
   

>    The driver only reads the credentials from the first method that it detects
>    in the order as given by the preceding list. For example, if you specify 

Reviewer: C: a little confusing

```suggestion
   The driver obtains credentials from the first source that they are detected. For example, if you specify 
```

Author: Adjusted the wording a bit, let me know if that is better

   your AWS credentials in the connection string, the driver ignores any 
   credentials that you specified in environment variables.

.. tabs::

   .. tab:: Connection String
      :tabid: connection string

      .. tip::

>          The following examples set the appropriate credentials using the ``SetAuth()`` 
>          method. You can also specify these credentials using the ``ApplyURI()`` 
>          method. If you use the ``ApplyURI()`` method you must URL encode the username 
>          and password to ensure they are correctly parsed.

Reviewer: Style guide

```suggestion
         The following examples set the appropriate credentials by using the ``SetAuth()`` 
         method. You can also specify these credentials by using the ``ApplyURI()`` 
         method. If you use the ``ApplyURI()`` method you must URL encode the username 
         and password to ensure they are correctly parsed.
```

   
      To connect to your MongoDB instance using your AWS IAM credentials, perform the
      following steps:

      - Assign the ``AuthMechanism`` option the value ``MONGODB-AWS``
      - Assign the ``Username`` option the value of your ``accessKeyID``

>       - Assign the ``Password`` option the value of your ``secretAccessKey``

Author: No, these don't have to be specified in any specific order, they're just options to set in the object

      .. literalinclude:: /includes/fundamentals/code-snippets/authentication/aws-connection-string.go
         :language: go

      If you need to specify an AWS session token, use the temporary

>       credentials returned from an assume role request.

Reviewer: Q: what is an assume role request?

>       To use temporary credentials, assign the ``AuthMechanismProperties``
>       option the value of your ``sessionToken``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      To use temporary credentials, assign the value of your ``sessionToken`` to the ``AuthMechanismProperties``
      option:
```

      .. literalinclude:: /includes/fundamentals/code-snippets/authentication/aws-connection-string-session-token.go
         :language: go

   .. tab:: Environment Variables
      :tabid: environment variables

      To authenticate to your MongoDB instance using AWS credentials stored in
      environment variables, use a shell to set the variables as follows:

      .. code-block:: bash

         export AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=<awsKeyId>
         export AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=<awsSecretKey>
         export AWS_SESSION_TOKEN=<awsSessionToken>

      .. note::

>          Omit the line containing ``AWS_SESSION_TOKEN`` if you don't need an AWS
>          session token for that role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         If you don't need an AWS
         session token for that role, omit the line containing ``AWS_SESSION_TOKEN`` .
```

Also, what does "that" refer to in "that role"?

Author: Clarified "that" - let me know if it makes more sense now
